README.md, before:

# # Group Project - *RandomEats*

**RandomEats** description

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 


The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] 
- [ ] 

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1. 
2. 

## Video Walkthrough 

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [2016] [RandomEats]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Updated description and user stories

README.md, after:

# # Group Project - *RandomEats*

**RandomEats** How many times have you been to a new restaurant and didn't know what to get? Or even didn't know what restaurant to go to? Well, now we have RandomEats. An app that randomly chooses where you can go based on a few preferences. 

RandomEats is designed with the Yelp API. It can filter restaurants based on the person's location and price range, and food preferences. And then pick a random restaurant for the indecisive. 

As an added feature we may also give them option to randomly select menu items for some restaurants.

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ ] Set up Yelp API and a filter view controller.
- [ ] User can save chosen restaurants in a list form and can view and share them.
- [ ] User will be able to set default preferences to use the app.


The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] App opens to a search bar and a random button, if user doesn't type in within 5 seconds. Gives the user a random restaurant
- [ ] Tab bar for saved restaurant lists and random menu

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1. 
2. 

## Video Walkthrough 

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [2016] [RandomEats]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
